hr3857-115
https://www.govtrack.us/congress/bills/115/hr3857/text
(6)Fiduciary status under ERISA, the Internal Revenue Code, the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, or other fiduciary regimesThe fact that a person may owe, or may in fact comply with, the standard of conduct under this subsection shall not mean or create any presumption that such person is a fiduciary under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C.
(b)Rulemaking authoritySection 913 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act is amended to read as follows:
913.Obligations of brokers and dealers and other persons and entities (a)Rulemaking (1)Rulemaking by the CommissionThe Commission may issue regulations as the Commission determines is necessary to facilitate compliance by brokers and dealers (including their registered representative) with the obligations of such brokers and dealers (and their registered representative) under the second subsection (k) of section 15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 only if such rulemaking does not impose any obligation related to standard of care on a broker or dealer (or its registered representative) that is in addition to, duplicative of, or inconsistent with, the obligations set forth in such subsection.
77c(a)) or section 989J of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (15 U.S.C.
78o) and such person is subject to regulation or examination by a State insurance regulator for purposes of assessing market conduct; or (B)such person complies with a standard substantially similar to such subsection (k) and is regulated by a State insurance regulator with respect to annuities within paragraphs (2) or (8) of section 3(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C.
77c(a)) or section 989J of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (15 U.S.C.
-------------
hr3898-115
https://www.govtrack.us/congress/bills/115/hr3898/text
(2)The Financial Action Task Force (FATF) has expressed serious concerns with the threat posed by North Korea’s proliferation and financing of WMD, and has called on FATF members to apply effective counter-measures to protect their financial sectors from North Korean money laundering, WMD proliferation financing, and the financing of terrorism.
(3)In its February 2017 report, the U.N. Panel of Experts concluded that— (A)North Korea continued to access the international financial system in support of illicit activities despite sanctions imposed by U.N. Security Council Resolutions 2270 (2016) and 2321 (2016); (B)during the reporting period, no member state had reported taking actions to freeze North Korean assets; and (C)sanctions evasion by North Korea, combined with inadequate compliance by member states, had significantly negated the impact of U.N. Security Council resolutions.
(4)In its September 2017 report, the U.N. Panel of Experts found that— (A)North Korea continued to violate financial sanctions by using agents acting abroad on the country’s behalf; (B)foreign financial institutions provided correspondent banking services to North Korean persons and front companies for illicit purposes; (C)foreign companies violated sanctions by maintaining links with North Korean financial institutions; and (D)North Korea generated at least $270 million during the reporting period through the violation of sectoral sanctions.
(J)Any person that provides financial services, including through a subsidiary or joint venture, in North Korea.
(L)Any person providing specialized teaching, training, or information to a North Korean person that may contribute to North Korea’s development and proliferation of WMD, including systems designed in whole or in part for the delivery of such weapons.
9202); (ii)any financial agency, as defined in section 5312 of title 31, United States Code, that is owned or controlled by the Government of North Korea; (iii)any money transmitting business, as defined in section 5330(d) of title 31, United States Code, that is owned or controlled by the Government of North Korea; (iv)any financial institution that is a joint venture between any person and the Government of North Korea; and (v)any joint venture involving a North Korean financial institution.
-------------
hr3948-115
https://www.govtrack.us/congress/bills/115/hr3948/text
1.Short titleThis Act may be cited as the Protection of Source Code Act.
(g)Procedure for obtaining certain intellectual propertyThe Commission is not authorized to compel under this title a person to produce or furnish source code, including algorithmic trading source code or similar intellectual property that forms the basis for design of or provides insight to the source code, to the Commission unless the Commission first issues a subpoena.. (b)Persons under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934Section 23 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C.
(e)Procedure for obtaining certain intellectual propertyThe Commission is not authorized to compel under this title a person to produce or furnish source code, including algorithmic trading source code or similar intellectual property that forms the basis for design of or provides insight to the source code, to the Commission unless the Commission first issues a subpoena.
(e)Procedure for obtaining certain intellectual propertyThe Commission is not authorized to compel under this title an investment company to produce or furnish source code, including algorithmic trading source code or similar intellectual property that forms the basis for design of or provides insight to the source code, to the Commission unless the Commission first issues a subpoena.. (d)Investment AdvisersSection 204 of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C.
(f)Procedure for obtaining certain intellectual propertyThe Commission is not authorized to compel under this title an investment adviser to produce or furnish source code, including algorithmic trading source code or similar intellectual property that forms the basis for design of or provides insight to the source code, to the Commission unless the Commission first issues a subpoena.
; and (2)in the second subsection (d), by striking (d) and inserting (e).
-------------
hr3973-115
https://www.govtrack.us/congress/bills/115/hr3973/text
is amended— (1)by inserting after section 4E the following:  4F.Internal risk controls (a)In generalEach of the following entities, in consultation with the Chief Economist, shall develop comprehensive internal risk control mechanisms to safeguard and govern the storage of all market data by such entity, all market data sharing agreements of such entity, and all academic research performed at such entity using market data: (1)The Commission.
(2)Each national securities association registered pursuant to section 15A.
(3)The operator of the consolidated audit trail created by a national market system plan approved pursuant to section 242.613 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulation).
(b)Consolidated audit trail prohibited from accepting market data until mechanisms developedThe operator described in paragraph (3) of subsection (a) may not accept market data (or shall cease accepting market data) until the operator has developed the mechanisms required by such subsection.
Any requirement for a person to provide market data to the operator shall not apply during any time when the operator is prohibited by this subsection from accepting such data.
(c)Treatment of previously developed mechanismsThe development of comprehensive internal risk control mechanisms required by subsection (a) may occur, in whole or in part, before the date of the enactment of this section, if such development and such mechanisms meet the requirements of such subsection (including consultation with the Chief Economist).
-------------
hr3312-115
https://www.govtrack.us/congress/bills/115/hr3312/text
(b)Enhanced supervisionSection 115 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (12 U.S.C.
(c)ReportsSection 116(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (12 U.S.C.
(d)MitigationSection 121(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (12 U.S.C.
3.Revisions to Board authority (a)AcquisitionsSection 163 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (12 U.S.C.
5363) is amended by striking with total consolidated assets equal to or greater than $50,000,000,000 each place such term appears and inserting which has been identified as a global systemically important bank holding company pursuant to section 217.402 of title 12, Code of Federal Regulations, or subjected to a determination under subsection (l) of section 165.
(4)Consistent application of considerationsIn making a determination under paragraph (1), the Board of Governors shall ensure that bank holding companies that are similarly situated with respect to the factors described under paragraph (3), are treated similarly for purposes of any enhanced supervision or prudential standards applied under this section.
-------------
hr3562-115
https://www.govtrack.us/congress/bills/115/hr3562/text
2102B.Adaptations to residences of veterans in rehabilitation programs (a)In generalSubject to subsections (b) and (c), the Secretary may assist a veteran who is entitled to services and assistance under chapter 31 of this title and is pursuing a rehabilitation program under such chapter in acquiring such adaptations to such veteran’s residence as are determined necessary by the Secretary to accomplish the purposes of such rehabilitation program.
(b)Amount (1)The aggregate amount of assistance available to a veteran under subsection (a) may not exceed $77,307.
(c)RegulationsThe Secretary shall prescribe such regulations as may be necessary to carry out this section.
(d)Rehabilitation program definedIn this section, the term rehabilitation program has the meaning given such term in section 3101 of this title.. (b)RegulationsThe Secretary may provide assistance under section 2102B of such title, as added by subsection (a), in advance of regulations by issuing notice specifying the criteria for the application, approval, and oversight processes relating to the provision of assistance under such section.
Any such assistance may be furnished only under section 2102B of this title.. (2)Members of the Armed Forces residing outside the United StatesSection 2101A of such title is amended— (A)by redesignating subsection (c) as subsection (d); and (B)by inserting after subsection (b) the following new subsection (c):  (c)LimitationNotwithstanding subsections (a) and (b), this section shall not apply to the provision of assistance under section 2102B of this title.. (3)Benefits additional to benefits under other lawsSection 2104 of such title is amended— (A)in subsection (a), by striking ; however and all that follows through once; (B)in subsection (b), by striking the second sentence; and (C)by adding at the end the following new subsection:
(c)The Secretary may not provide assistance to a veteran under this chapter if the Secretary determines such assistance would result in a duplication of benefits under this title to the veteran.. (4)Exception to mandatory life insuranceSection 2106(a) of such title is amended to read as follows:  (a)The Secretary shall insure any individual under 70 years of age who has received assistance under this chapter against the death of the individual except for an individual who— (1)elects in writing to not receive insurance under this section; (2)fails to respond in a timely manner to a request from the Secretary for information on which the premium for such insurance can be based; or (3)receives such assistance under section 2102B of this title.. (d)Clerical amendmentThe table of sections at the beginning of chapter 21 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2102A the following new item:
-------------
hr2773-115
https://www.govtrack.us/congress/bills/115/hr2773/text
2400 note) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection:  (f)Authorization of sale (1)The Secretary shall sell for fair market value Pershing Hall and transfer and convey to the purchaser all right, title, and interest of the United States in or to such property.
The Secretary shall determine fair market value based on an independent assessment conducted by a nongovernmental entity.
The Secretary may only accept money as consideration for such sale.
(3)The funds received by the Secretary pursuant to the sale of Pershing Hall under paragraph (1) shall be transferred to the American Battle Monuments Commission and be made available, subject to appropriation and without fiscal year limitation, for maintaining cemeteries, monuments, and memorials under the jurisdiction of the Commission.
(4) (A)Effective on the day after the date of the sale of Pershing Hall authorized under paragraph (1), the authority of the Secretary to carry out subsections (a), (b), (c), and (e) shall terminate except for purposes of carrying out paragraph (2) of this subsection.
Not later than 30 days after the date of such sale, the Secretary shall submit to such committees a final report on the implementation of this subsection..
-------------
hr2954-115
https://www.govtrack.us/congress/bills/115/hr2954/text
1.Short titleThis Act may be cited as the Home Mortgage Disclosure Adjustment Act.
2.Depository institutions subject to maintenance of records and disclosure requirements (a)Loan volume thresholdSection 304 of the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act of 1975 (12 U.S.C.
2803) is amended— (1)by redesignating subsection (i) as paragraph (2) and adjusting the margin appropriately; and (2)by inserting before such paragraph (2) the following:
(i)Exemptions (1)In generalWith respect to a depository institution, the requirements of subsections (a) and (b) shall not apply— (A)with respect to closed-end mortgage loans, if such depository institution originated less than 1,000 closed-end mortgage loans in each of the two preceding calendar years; and (B)with respect to open-end lines of credit, if such depository institution originated less than 2,000 open-end lines of credit in each of the two preceding calendar years.. (b)Technical correctionSection 304(i)(2) of such Act, as redesignated by subsection (a), is amended by striking section 303(2)(A) and inserting section 303(3)(A).
(c)Data pointsSection 304(b) of the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act of 1975 (12 U.S.C.
2803(b)) is amended— (1)by striking paragraphs (5) and (6); (2)in paragraph (3), by inserting and at the end; and (3)in paragraph (4), by striking age..
-------------
hr2148-115
https://www.govtrack.us/congress/bills/115/hr2148/text
1.Short titleThis Act may be cited as Clarifying Commercial Real Estate Loans.
2.Capital requirements for certain acquisition, development, or construction loansThe Federal Deposit Insurance Act is amended by adding at the end the following new section:
51.Capital requirements for certain acquisition, development, or construction loans (a)In generalThe appropriate Federal banking agencies may only subject a depository institution to higher capital standards with respect to a high volatility commercial real estate (HVCRE) exposure (as defined under section 324.2 of title 12, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this section) if such exposure is an HVCRE ADC loan.
(b)HVCRE ADC loan definedFor purposes of this section and with respect to a depository institution, the term HVCRE ADC loan— (1)means a credit facility secured by land or improved real property that, prior to being reclassified by the depository institution as a Non-HVCRE ADC loan pursuant to subsection (d)— (A)finances or has financed the acquisition, development, or construction of real property; (B)has the purpose of providing financing to acquire, develop, or improve such real property into income-producing real property; and (C)is dependent upon future income or sales proceeds from, or refinancing of, such real property for the repayment of such credit facility; (2)does not include a credit facility financing— (A)the acquisition, development, or construction of properties that are— (i)one- to four-family residential properties; (ii)real property that would qualify as an investment in community development; or (iii)agricultural land; (B)the acquisition or refinance of existing income-producing real property secured by a mortgage on such property; (C)improvements to existing income-producing improved real property secured by a mortgage on such property, if the cash flow being generated by the real property is sufficient to support the debt service and expenses of the real property, as determined by the depository institution, in accordance with the institution’s applicable loan underwriting criteria for permanent financings; or (D)commercial real property projects in which— (i)the loan-to-value ratio is less than or equal to the applicable maximum supervisory loan-to-value ratio as determined by the appropriate Federal banking agency; and (ii)the borrower has contributed capital of at least 15 percent of the real property’s appraised, as completed value to the project in the form of— (I)cash; (II)unencumbered readily marketable assets; (III)paid development expenses out-of-pocket; or (IV)contributed real property or improvements; and (iii)the borrower contributed the minimum amount of capital described under clause (ii) before the depository institution advances funds under the credit facility, and such minimum amount of capital contributed by the borrower is contractually required to remain in the project until the credit facility has been reclassified by the depository institution as a Non-HVCRE ADC loan under subsection (d); (3)does not include any loan made prior to January 1, 2015; and (4)does not include a credit facility reclassified as a Non-HVCRE ADC loan under subsection (d).
(c)Value of contributed real propertyFor purposes of this section, the value of any real property contributed by a borrower as a capital contribution shall be the appraised value of the property as determined under standards prescribed pursuant to section 1110 of the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement Act of 1989 (12 U.S.C.
3339), in connection with the extension of the credit facility or loan to such borrower.
-------------
hr1645-115
https://www.govtrack.us/congress/bills/115/hr1645/text
1.Short titleThis Act may be cited as the Fostering Innovation Act of 2017.
(d)Temporary exemption for low-Revenue issuers (1)Low-revenue exemptionSubsection (b) shall not apply with respect to an audit report prepared for an issuer that— (A)ceased to be an emerging growth company on the last day of the fiscal year of the issuer following the fifth anniversary of the date of the first sale of common equity securities of the issuer pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933; (B)had average annual gross revenues of less than $50,000,000 as of its most recently completed fiscal year; and (C)is not a large accelerated filer.
(2)Expiration of temporary exemptionAn issuer ceases to be eligible for the exemption described under paragraph (1) at the earliest of— (A)the last day of the fiscal year of the issuer following the tenth anniversary of the date of the first sale of common equity securities of the issuer pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933; (B)the last day of the fiscal year of the issuer during which the average annual gross revenues of the issuer exceed $50,000,000; or (C)the date on which the issuer becomes a large accelerated filer.
(3)DefinitionsFor purposes of this subsection: (A)Average annual gross revenuesThe term average annual gross revenues means the total gross revenues of an issuer over its most recently completed three fiscal years divided by three.
(B)Emerging growth companyThe term emerging growth company has the meaning given such term under section 3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C.
(C)Large accelerated filerThe term large accelerated filer has the meaning given that term under section 240.12b–2 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor thereto..
-------------
hr4010-115
https://www.govtrack.us/congress/bills/115/hr4010/text
(B)No appropriated funds, funds provided from any accounts in the Treasury, or funds derived from the collection of fees shall be used to pay any monetary penalty imposed by the court pursuant to this section.
(3)Waiver of privilegeAny assertion of a privilege or other ground for noncompliance (whether statutory, common law, or otherwise) asserted by the recipient of a congressional subpoena may be determined to have been waived as to any particular record withheld from production if the court finds that the recipient failed in a timely manner to comply with the requirement of section 105 of the Revised Statutes of the United States that it produce a privilege log with respect to such record.
(4)DefinitionFor purposes of this section, the term government agency means an executive department listed in section 101 of title 5, United States Code, an independent establishment, commission, board, bureau, division, or office in the executive branch, or other agency of the Federal Government, including wholly or partly owned Government corporations.. (b)Clerical amendmentThe table of sections for chapter 85 of title 28, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1365 the following:
(3)Electronic recordsElectronic records shall be produced pursuant to this subsection in their native or original file format.
Electronic records shall be delivered on a storage device (such as compact disk, memory stick, or thumb drive) and, to the extent feasible, shall be organized, identified, and indexed electronically and shall include an index describing the contents of the production.
Response to congressional subpoenas.. 4.Rule of constructionNothing in this Act shall be interpreted to diminish Congress’ inherent authority or previously established methods and practices for enforcing compliance with congressional subpoenas, nor shall anything in this Act be interpreted to establish Congress’ acceptance of any privilege or other legal basis for noncompliance with a congressional subpoena.
-------------
hr3669-115
https://www.govtrack.us/congress/bills/115/hr3669/text
1.Short titleThis Act may be cited as the Securing General Aviation and Commercial Charter Air Carrier Service Act of 2017.
3.Screening in areas other than passenger terminals (a)In generalThe Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration is authorized to provide screening services to a commercial charter air carrier in areas other than primary passenger terminals of airports upon the request of such carrier.
(b)RequestA commercial charter air carrier that wants screening services to be provided to such carrier in an area other than a primary passenger terminal shall request the Federal Security Director for the airport at which such services are requested.
(c)AvailabilityA Federal Security Director may elect to provide screening services under this section if such services are available.
(d)AgreementsThe Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration shall enter into an agreement with a commercial charter air carrier for compensation from such carrier requesting the use of screening services under this section for all reasonable costs in addition to overtime costs that are incurred in the provision of such services.
5.Designated staffing for general aviationThe Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration is authorized to designate not fewer than one full time employee of the Administration to be responsible for engagement with general aviation stakeholders and manage issues related to general aviation.
-------------
hr4034-115
https://www.govtrack.us/congress/bills/115/hr4034/text
1.Short titleThis Act may be cited as the Mid-Mississippi Conservation, Recreation and Development Act of 2017.
2.Long-term special use authorization to the Pat Harrison Waterway District (a)Long-Term special Use AuthorizationThe Secretary of Agriculture shall issue to the Pat Harrison Waterway District, a long-term special use permit to develop approximately 8,307 acres of National Forest System land within the Bienville National Forests of Mississippi identified as Oakohay/Little Oakohay Lake, Smith County, Mississippi on the map entitled Mid-Mississippi Conservation, Recreation and Development and dated April 2, 2014.
(b)SurveyIf determined by the Secretary of Agriculture to be necessary, the exact acreage and legal description of the National Forest System land shall be determined by a survey approved by the Secretary.
(c)Use of landAs a condition of the long-term special use permit under subsection (a), the Pat Harrison Waterway District shall use the land covered under subsection (a) only for public purposes consistent with the laws of the State of Mississippi.
-------------
hr4039-115
https://www.govtrack.us/congress/bills/115/hr4039/text
1.Short titleThis Act may be cited as the Locality Pay Equity Act.
2.Limiting the number of local wage areas defined within a General Schedule pay locality (a)Local wage area limitationSection 5343(a) of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1)in paragraph (1)(B)(i), by striking (but such and all that follows through are employed); (2)in paragraph (4), by striking and after the semicolon; (3)in paragraph (5), by striking the period after Islands and inserting ; and; and (4)by adding at the end the following:
(6)the Office of Personnel Management shall define not more than 1 local wage area within a pay locality, except that this paragraph shall not apply to the pay locality designated as Rest of United States.. (b)Pay locality definedSection 5342(a) of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1)in paragraph (2)(C), by striking and after the semicolon; (2)in paragraph (3), by striking the period after employee and inserting ; and; and (3)by adding at the end the following:
(4)pay locality has the same meaning as is given such term in section 5302(5).. 3.RegulationsThe Director of the Office of Personnel Management shall prescribe any regulations necessary to carry out the purpose of this Act, including regulations to ensure that the enactment of this Act shall not have the effect of reducing any rate of basic pay payable to any individual who is serving as a prevailing rate employee (as defined by section 5342(a)(2) of title 5, United States Code).
4.Effective dateThis Act and the amendments made by this Act shall take effect at the start of the first full pay period beginning at least 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act.
-------------
hr4028-115
https://www.govtrack.us/congress/bills/115/hr4028/text
(F)A person using credit information for the purposes described under section 604(c).
(J)Any person using the information for employment, tenant, or background screening purposes.
However, you should be aware that using a security freeze to take control over who gets access to the personal and financial information in your credit report may delay, interfere with, or prohibit the timely approval of any subsequent request or application you make regarding a new loan, credit, mortgage, government services or payments, rental housing, employment, investment, license, cellular phone, utilities, digital signature, internet credit card transaction, or other services, including an extension of credit at point of sale.
(C)The term record means a compilation of information that— (i)identifies a protected consumer; (ii)is created by a consumer reporting agency solely for the purpose of complying with this subsection; and (iii)may not be created or used to consider the protected consumer’s credit worthiness, credit standing, credit capacity, character, general reputation, personal characteristics, or mode of living.
(J)Any person using the information for employment, tenant or background screening purposes.
(c)Effective dateThe amendments made by this section shall take effect on January 1, 2020.
-------------
hr4051-115
https://www.govtrack.us/congress/bills/115/hr4051/text
2.Bollard installation grant program (a)EstablishmentNot later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall establish a program to assist bollard installation projects designed to prevent pedestrian injuries and acts of terrorism in areas utilized by large numbers of pedestrians.
(c)ApplicationTo be eligible for a grant under this section, a local government entity shall submit to the Secretary an application at such time, in such form, and containing such information as the Secretary determines appropriate, which shall include, at a minimum— (1)a description of the proposed bollard installation project to be carried out; (2)a description of the pedestrian injury or terrorism risks with respect to the proposed installation area; and (3)an analysis of how the proposed project will mitigate such risks.
(d)Grant usesA recipient of a grant awarded under this section may use the proceeds of such grant only for a bollard installation project.
(e)Federal shareThe Federal share of the costs of a bollard installation project assisted with a grant awarded under this section may not exceed 100 percent.
(f)Authorization of appropriationsThere is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of Transportation to carry out this section $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2027.
(g)Bollard installation project definedIn this section, the term bollard installation project means a project to install raised concrete or metal posts on a sidewalk adjacent to a roadway that are designed to slow or stop a motor vehicle.
-------------
